README.md, before:

# RWTH2023WS-KG-LAB-Task1-Paper-Semantification
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/HaigeWang1/Paper-Semantification)](https://github.com/HaigeWang1/Paper-Semantification/commits/main)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/HaigeWang1/Paper-Semantification)](https://github.com/HaigeWang1/Paper-Semantification/issues)  
![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.10%2B-brightgreen)

# How to run it 

### Dockerized Version - Setup

##### Build the docker image for the  python service paper_sementification 
`docker build -t paper_semantification .`

Docker-compose contains two services:
1. The Neo4J database
2. paper_semantification (our python service)

Run the whole application with the command `docker-compose up -d`

- Neo4J can be access locally through http://localhost:7474 
  - In the server connection interface input `bolt://localhost:7687`
  - Authentication is disabled, thus ignore the fields related to authentication
- Our service exposes its APIs through a FastAPI server. The API can be accessed in the Swager UI through htttp://localhost:8000/docs
  - Find the API documentation in the fastapi swagger through the link above

# Goal
The purpose of this task is to comprehensively process scholarly papers by leveraging metadata extraction services such as CERMINE and GROBID APIs.

## Working Procedure
### 1. Input Processing
#### Extract metadata for each paper using CERMINE and GROBID (provided through API), including title, authors, affiliations, publication year, etc.
- Available APIs
- - ceurspt provides CERMINE and GROBID
  - http://ceurspt.wikidata.dbis.rwth-aachen.de/Vol-2462/paper1.html
  - http://ceurspt.wikidata.dbis.rwth-aachen.de/Vol-2462/paper1.grobid
  - http://ceurspt.wikidata.dbis.rwth-aachen.de/Vol-2462/paper1.cermine
- [OPTIONAL] The ceur-ws template introduced a structure into the PDFs and recommended to at least provide a e-mail address or other identifier
  - optimization to extract author information based on the template

### 2. Entity Disambiguation
#### Utilize ORCID, DBLP, and Wikidata APIs for disambiguation:

- Search paper title in DBLP for the DBLP ID.
- Match author names with potential ORCID identifiers.
- Cross-reference paper with Wikidata entries.

### 3. Validation
#### Compare results from CERMINE and GROBID; conduct manual checks for discrepancies. If DBLP data is present, match against CERMINE and GROBID results.

### 4. Knowledge Graph (KG) Construction
#### Create nodes for Proceedings, Event, Author, Paper, Affiliations. Ensure papers are connected to proceedings and event. Connect authors to affiliations and papers.

### 5. Output and Syncing
#### Store KG privately, ensuring security of personal data such as email addresses. If pushing to a public KG, sanitize private data. Synchronize entities linked to Wikidata.


# Current Status of task
- [ ] Access API
- [ ] Utilize
- [ ] Validation

# Deadline
- [x] 2024-01-19: Midterm coordination
- [ ] 2024-03-22: Project result delivery
- [ ] 2024-03-29: Final presentation

Commit message:

Update Readme .env file for OPENAI_API_KEY

README.md, after:

# RWTH2023WS-KG-LAB-Task1-Paper-Semantification
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/HaigeWang1/Paper-Semantification)](https://github.com/HaigeWang1/Paper-Semantification/commits/main)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/HaigeWang1/Paper-Semantification)](https://github.com/HaigeWang1/Paper-Semantification/issues)  
![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.10%2B-brightgreen)

# How to run it 

### Dockerized Version - Setup

##### Build the docker image for the  python service paper_sementification 
`docker build -t paper_semantification .`

Docker-compose contains two services:
1. The Neo4J database
2. paper_semantification (our python service)

Run the whole application with the command `docker-compose up -d`

- Neo4J can be access locally through http://localhost:7474 
  - In the server connection interface input `bolt://localhost:7687`
  - Authentication is disabled, thus ignore the fields related to authentication
- Our service exposes its APIs through a FastAPI server. The API can be accessed in the Swager UI through htttp://localhost:8000/docs
  - Find the API documentation in the fastapi swagger through the link above
  - paper_semantification includes a parser that relies on OpenAI public endpoints. To make it work a key is required.
    - Create an .env file in the same folder as docker-compose.yaml
    - Set the env variable `OPENAI_API_KEY="sk-..."`

# Goal
The purpose of this task is to comprehensively process scholarly papers by leveraging metadata extraction services such as CERMINE and GROBID APIs.

## Working Procedure
### 1. Input Processing
#### Extract metadata for each paper using CERMINE and GROBID (provided through API), including title, authors, affiliations, publication year, etc.
- Available APIs
- - ceurspt provides CERMINE and GROBID
  - http://ceurspt.wikidata.dbis.rwth-aachen.de/Vol-2462/paper1.html
  - http://ceurspt.wikidata.dbis.rwth-aachen.de/Vol-2462/paper1.grobid
  - http://ceurspt.wikidata.dbis.rwth-aachen.de/Vol-2462/paper1.cermine
- [OPTIONAL] The ceur-ws template introduced a structure into the PDFs and recommended to at least provide a e-mail address or other identifier
  - optimization to extract author information based on the template

### 2. Entity Disambiguation
#### Utilize ORCID, DBLP, and Wikidata APIs for disambiguation:

- Search paper title in DBLP for the DBLP ID.
- Match author names with potential ORCID identifiers.
- Cross-reference paper with Wikidata entries.

### 3. Validation
#### Compare results from CERMINE and GROBID; conduct manual checks for discrepancies. If DBLP data is present, match against CERMINE and GROBID results.

### 4. Knowledge Graph (KG) Construction
#### Create nodes for Proceedings, Event, Author, Paper, Affiliations. Ensure papers are connected to proceedings and event. Connect authors to affiliations and papers.

### 5. Output and Syncing
#### Store KG privately, ensuring security of personal data such as email addresses. If pushing to a public KG, sanitize private data. Synchronize entities linked to Wikidata.


# Current Status of task
- [ ] Access API
- [ ] Utilize
- [ ] Validation

# Deadline
- [x] 2024-01-19: Midterm coordination
- [ ] 2024-03-22: Project result delivery
- [ ] 2024-03-29: Final presentation
